### MSA/classification of picked particles

This group of scripts is designed to quickly improve particle picking by subjecting picked particles to MSA/classification in IMAGIC, 
followed by identification of either good or bad class averages and subsequent re-picking (with good class averages)
or cleaning of the particle star file (using bad class averages). The first two scripts can be used iteratively to improve particle picking.

---

##### prepare-files.sh
This script essentially prepares the files for running MSA/classification.
It parses gEMpicker output (such as reference number, CCC, rotation angle) into updated relion star file (*particles_new.star*).
If gAutomatch was used for picking, user usually already has this information in the star file, generated by Relion after particle extraction.
In the end, the script creates IMAGIC stacks for both particles and picking references, preparing them for MSA run (in case of gEMpicker, particles are rotated according to the angle determined during picking). 

Before running the script, user should have done particle extraction in Relion using coordinates obtained from gEMpicker/gAutomatch, e.g. particle star file should be available.
Folder with picking results (see details in the script), references and extracted particle stacks are also needed (usually "Particles" folder from Relion).

---

##### msa-cl.sh
This script should be launched after *prepare-files.sh*. It will split the particle stack generated in previous step into separate groups,
according to the picking references, and launch MSA+classification for each group.
In the end, user can select good class averages and re-run the picking or select bad class averages and run the next script: *make-star.sh*.

_Hint:_ to display class numbers for each class avarage in IMAGIC display, select NAME-->CLS during DISPLAY session.

---

##### make-star.sh
This script should be launched after *msa-cl.sh*. User should have already selected bad class averages from "classums/all_sums.img" into "classums/all_sums.plt" file.
Next, an updated star file with good particles will be generated, based on *particles_new.star* file, from *prepare-files.sh* script (in case of gAutomatch, it will be the same input star file with particles).

---

_Now only IMAGIC 2014_08_22 version is supported. At the moment, there is no MPI parallelization of MSA-RUN._
